Added: alt attribute to few images (#19404)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/accessibility/html/index.md

You should make sure that your button and link text labels are understandable and distinctive. Don't just use "Click here" for your labels, as screen reader users sometimes get up a list of buttons and form controls. The following screenshot shows our controls being listed by VoiceOver on Mac.

> ![List of form input labels being listed by VoiceOver software on Mac. This list contains meaningless labels given to various form controls like button, textfield and link](voiceover-formcontrols.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![List of form input labels being listed by VoiceOver software on Mac. This list contains meaningless labels like 'happy menu button` given to various form controls like button, textfield and link](voiceover-formcontrols.png)
```

With code like this, the label will be clearly associated with the input; the description will be more like "Fill in your name: edit text."

> ![A good form label called "Fill in your name" is given to a text input form control. ](voiceover-good-form-label.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![A good form label that reads "Fill in your name" is given to a text input form control. ](voiceover-good-form-label.png)
```
